Add docs for Automation Credits (#23)
getkoala/docs: automations/credits.mdx

---
title: "Automation Credits"
description: "Understand how Automation Credits are counted."
---

The Koala Automations product is available on all plans.
The Business and Pro plans include unlimited action credits, while the other plans include
limited credits.

## Understanding Credits

> Each succesfull Automation run deducts 1 credit from your available credit pool.

Author: Sounds good!

There are separate pools for Actions, Auto Outbound and Slack Alerts, so you can try
all three products individually on your own time.

> Credits are deducted when any succesfull Automation is run. 

Reviewer: Is it when the run at all? Or when they deliver successfully?

Reviewer: There's a difference in how these count for each product though:
- auto outbound = *autopilot* syncs the prospect to your destination sequence/campaign
- actions = successful delivery?
- slack alerts = successful delivery?

## Credit Limits

- Slack credits are counted per month, and reset on the first day of your subscription start date.

> - Action and Auto Outbound credits are counted per workspace, and do not reset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Action and Auto Outbound credits are counted cumulatively for your workspace, and do not reset.
```

- There's no limit on the number of Automations you can create, only on the number of times they can run.

The following table shows the credit limits for each plan:

| Plan | Action Credits | Auto Outbound Credits | Slack Alert Credits |
--- | --- | --- | ---
| Free | 100 | 10 | 250 alerts /mo |
| Starter | 100 | 10 | Unlimited |
| Team | 100 | 10 | Unlimited |
| Pro | Unlimited | Unlimited | Unlimited |
| Business | Unlimited | Unlimited | Unlimited |

## What happens when I run out of credits?

> When you run out of credits, your Automations will not run until you have more credits available.

Reviewer 2: Do we wanna talk about the specifics of aob? Like autopilot is paused, but eligibility is still xhecked

Author: Good idea!
